[Documentation] Fix typos and broken links (#41)
southworks/botframework-solutions: docs/_docs/reference/skills/phone.md

> Review the pricing and terms for the services and adjust to suit your scenario.

> To deploy your services using the default configuration, from the folder where your have cloned the GitHub repo follow the steps either for [C#]({{site.baseurl}}/tutorials/csharp/create-skill/4_provision_your_azure_resources.md) or for [TypeScript]({{site.baseurl}}/tutorials/typescript/create-skill/4_provision_your_azure_resources/.md).

Reviewer: Would do mind preserving the content of the line, and just add the two link for both C# and TypeScript?
```suggestion
To deploy your services using the default configuration, follow the steps in this common deployment documentation page([C#]({{site.baseurl}}/tutorials/csharp/create-skill/4_provision_your_azure_resources.md)/[TypeScript]({{site.baseurl}}/tutorials/typescript/create-skill/4_provision_your_azure_resources/.md)) from the folder where you have cloned the GitHub repo.
```

Author: That sounds weird to me, but ok
